Now you've heard of Tinder but have you heard of TinDog?
That is the question that we're going to answer in the coming lessons.
So in the coming lessons we're going to be using Bootstrap and more advanced CSS to create this beautiful
startup landing page.
It will have a title section, as well as features sections, a carousel to browse testimonials, a pricing
plan section, and a call to action where you get your users to download your app,
and finally a nice little footer with your socials.
So this is a startup web site fit for any startup, and by building it we’ll get to know all of the cool
features that Bootstrap offers, and we’ll learn some more advanced CSS along the way as well.
So I hope you're excited because I'm super excited to show you how to create this.
Once you're ready,
head over to the next lesson and we'll get started.